welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you one of the
most exciting gritty movie named
bright
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
this film opens up showing the city of
los angeles where humans coexist with
orcs elves and fairies
officer daryl ward is out on the streets
with his partner jacoby who is the
world's first or cop
jacoby is grabbing a burrito when an orc
gangster emerges from a shop and shots
ward with a shotgun
sometime later ward is ready to go back
to the force
he is struggling to keep his house that
he shares with his wife sherry and
daughter sophia
sophia hates that her dad is a cop
because she worries he'll get killed
they see a video from joe rogan
interviewing an orc as they discuss
jacobi being on the force
the other orcs hate jacoby as they
consider him a traitor
ward dislikes having him as a partner
because he blames jacoby for him getting
shot
sherry then makes him go outside to deal
with a fairy that's attacking the bird
feeder
ward takes a broom and whacks the ferry
to death
ward and jacoby ride together as a team
with ward openly blaming jacoby for the
shooting incident
after driving through the wealthy
elftown neighborhood they arrive at work
where a few rotten cops pollard hicks
and brown mock jacoby when he's not
around
when ward is assigned to be on patrol
with jacoby for the day he protests to
sergeant ching but she doesn't care for
his complaints
ward and jacoby head downtown to handle
a disturbance meeting with sheriff
rodriguez a crazy man named sterling is
waving a sword around and yelling
nonsense with the officers drawing their
weapons serling surrenders and is taken
into custody on the ride back to the
precinct sterling pukes in the back of
the car before starting to speak orcish
to jacoby saying he has a message from
an organization called the shield of
light telling him to remember the old
ways and how a prophecy has chosen him
and that ward is blessed
ward is later approached by captain
perez along with two men yamaha and
narcashian who order ward to record
jacobi admitting that he let ward
shooter get away
serling is interrogated by an elf fbi
agent kandemir and his partner monty
hugh the agents asks earling what he
knows about two elf sisters laila antika
sirling knows that layla is a dark elf
part of the inferni clan that wants to
resurrect the dark lord an evil entity
that was defeated two thousand years
earlier by the nine armies
leyla and her minions want to bring him
back to unleash darkness upon the world
with the use of three magic wands
layla is a bright meaning she can hold a
wand without it destroying her
monty hughes says they need to find
tikka in order to set a trap for layla
on the night patrol ward tries to get
jacoby to confess to the incident when
they are alerted to something going on
at a house on abram street they arrive
and are shot at by an unseen assailant
after a shootout the officers kill the
assailant they head inside the house and
find dead bodies including a few that
look like they were burned alive
the officers find tikka who's in
possession of the wand
ward calls in qing and the other cops in
regards to the wand they want the one
for themselves and they order ward to go
along with it and kill jacob or he dies
as well
ward goes outside to do the job but
first he presses jacoby at gunpoint on
what really happened when he got shot
jacoby admits he did let the shooter get
away but it was because he lost him in a
crowd
he thought he cornered the guy in an
alley but it was just a young orc spray
painting the side of a building
knowing that the human officers would
kill the kid on the spot jacoby let him
get away on a fire escape
moments later ching and the officers
step outside
ward spins around quickly and shoots
them all dead but pollard is the only
one hanging on for his life
jacoby attempts to arrest ward until
they are approached by a gang led by a
disabled mob named poison who knows
about the wand and wants it for himself
so that he can walk again
ward and jacoby take tikka and head into
their van as the gangsters start
attacking
the officers drive away as the gangsters
pursue them
the gangsters shoot at them but ward and
jacobi are able to shake most of them
off they find a place to hide briefly
until more gangsters come after them
one of them finds the wand and tries to
grab it but it causes him to explode and
kill those around him
leila and her minions arrive at the
abram's house and find pollard dying
before layla finishes the job
she then finds another in fernie elf
lyrica who's stuck to the walls
she tells layla that tikka got away with
a wand and she slashes lyrica's throat
the elves then come across a family that
they kill for more information on the
one's whereabouts kandamir and monty you
later come upon the crime scene at the
abram's house and candemir knows layla
has lost the wand making her vulnerable
ward jacoby and tikka walk through a
sleazy orc slash human strip club
poison and his gang find them and once
again threaten them for the one but
layla and her minion show up and
slaughter poison in his gang another
shootout happens forcing the trio to run
again
they run into a nearby convenience store
where they find a place to hide while
tending to their wounds in a bathroom
ward and jacoby discuss their
relationship although ward doesn't think
of him as friends he does tell jacoby
that he shouldn't want to be like him
despite jacoby previously stating he
wishes he were because he sees ward as
fearless
rodriguez shows up to the store after
hearing about ward killing the officers
he orders ward to cuff jacoby since
everyone suspects him anyway and jacoby
willingly relents
rodriguez is then shot dead as the elves
drive up and crashed through the store
shooting at the cops
the trio fight back shooting at the
elves before getting away
later we see that the trio are then
found by a group of orc gangsters
belonging to the fog teeth clan
after ward mocks them they get beaten
and dragged to a church that serves as
their lair the orcs bring them to their
leader gorgu he wants the wand as well
and he mocks jacoby for being unblooded
after the cops refuse to give up the
wand dorgu orders them to be executed
the guards drag ward and jacoby to a pit
and dorgoo orders his son mikey to shoot
jacoby however mikey can't bring himself
to do so because he is the young orc
that jacoby let get away
dorgu allows mikey to go home and borgu
shoots jacoby letting his body fall into
the pit tikka then pulls out the wand
and uses its magic power to resurrect
jacoby and raise his body up the other
orcs are astonished and kneel before
jacoby believing him to be the one the
prophecy spoke of
the three then leave
tikka then speaks english for the first
time now that she knows she can trust
ward and jacoby she explains that she
took the wand because she knew layla
wanted to bring back the dark lord and
she had sent lyrica to kill her but
tikka took the wand herself
the use of the one took a toll on her
and it's starting to kill her she tells
them that the shield of light can help
them if they take her to a back at the
abram's house
ward and jacoby bring layla back to the
house
layla and the other dark elves show up
and battle the cops
ward in jacoby managed to kill the elves
and jacoby appears to shoot laylah dead
they then take tikka to the pool beneath
the tree but layla emerges still alive
when she tries to get the wand ward
grabs it himself it starts to glow and
he doesn't explode meaning he is a
bright tikka tells him a war word to
cast a spell which ward repeats causing
the wand to blast layla to smithereens
outside authorities arrive just as they
witness the explosion
ward and jacoby look for tikka but she's
gone
the officers are in the hospital and are
approached by kandamir and monty you
although jacoby tries to explain
everything that happened
ward denies that there was ever a wand
and that gangsters killed the corrupt
officers
in the end we see
ward and jacobi are commemorated for
their heroism
pollard brown hicks and chain are also
honored alongside rodriguez
with ward expressing his hatred for that
fact
jacoby tells him to let it go since at
least they know the truth
sherry and sophia are there to support
ward
while he and jacoby noticed tika walking
among the crowd
smiling at them
hope you enjoyed the movie
please subscribe and turn on
notification to help us grow